hi gerald sunitha and i'm here to do a
quick video to show my viewers here
after to my spy remotes down and i am so
in love with the curls that i got even
though some of them are really flat but
i'm still in love with the curls and
this is my hair after the rods have been
taken out and i gave myself a nice
little a hairstyle by just pinning up a
side and then using pins to hold it in
place we've been everything else to one
time and i am so in love with my
hairstyle what you could do is um my
flower I'm actually wearing on my dress
so maybe you could take it out or take
it off and you could place the flowers
no summer in your here like here
maybe like this and you have a nice cute
little look this hair style reminds me
of summer so I went ahead and I don't up
one of my little strapless dresses and
I'm actually wearing that right and I'm
worried that right now so stay tuned for
pictures they'll be on my blog at jungle
Barbie blogspot com and thank you so
much for watching my video and please
remember to check out my blog and also
rate comment and subscribe to my youtube
channel thank you so much bye